- [x] Embody an appropriate level of scope for a team of 10-15 students, that is fully realized by the end of the second semester.

	- Building a game that has limited expression of systems may not fill the appropriate scope. 
	- Building a game that intends too many systems or assets may leave the design incomplete.
	- The consideration of aiming too high/low in complexity or depth of content can be an issue, and the suggestion is to start small with a plan to grow, rather than start large with (or without) a plan to cut.

- [x] Have a final critical path of no less than 15 minutes and no more than 30 minutes. The end of this semester is punctuated with a [Vertical Slice(VS)](https://webcourses.ucf.edu/courses/1460516/assignments/8526810 "Vertical Slice") assignment, and that should represent a defined portion of the final experience's critical path between 3-8 minutes of **_refined_** gameplay.
	- A critical path is most simply described as the gameplay time for completion that makes no wrong decisions and operates with no prior knowledge of the game or its systems.
	- A critical path does not account for retracing steps for wrong decisions or failed attempts.
	- There **is an expectation** that an averagely skilled player would be able to complete the game. Making the game too complex or exacting can be an issue for this goal and may prevent the team from properly demonstrating their game or keep them from being fully evaluated.
	- Run playtests with new players regularly to validate the estimated critical path.

> Note: We have 45 mins of critical path time. We should practice completing the game within that time frame so that we beat the game during our presentation.

- [ ] Fully support Mouse and Keyboard as well as the current Xbox controller
	- Inability to use either to fully experience the VS or later builds results in a loss of points.

- [x] Target a screen based platform.

- [x] Have only content generated by the students on the project, during the course of the two semesters, specifically for this project.
	- This means that no content should be from previous work a student has done, no content should be "found" from any other resources, and all assets should be able to have their original development files shown (PSD, AI, FBX, etc.)
	- The only exception to this is audio. Voice, Background Music, and Sound Effects are able to be outsourced or taken from royalty free sources. All citations must be available, but not necessarily submitted.
	- AI may be used in some specific capacities during the development cycle, but only as an aid to workflow, never as a substitute. Any and all use of AI must be approved by the faculty in writing, no matter how small. Failure to do so may result in a loss of points.

- [x] Represent unique and meaningful gameplay.
	- This project should not be a clone, copy, port, homage, or otherwise be readily identified as derivative of another game. Inspiration is fine, but attempting to emulate someone else's work is the opposite of what you have been learning to do. Create something new, fun, and unique to your team.

- [x] Focus on a single player experience.

- [ ] Any inclusion or intent to include a multiplayer experience must be discussed with the faculty and approved in writing prior to any submission that even mentions multiplayer. Failure to do so may result in a loss of points.

**Build Requirements:**

- [ ] Targets gameplay for use on Windows PC supporting Mouse/Keyboard, and Controller
- [ ] Built using a modern, robust, and commercially available game engine (anything outside of Unity or Unreal needs to be approved prior to beginning development)
- [ ] Have an install footprint in a publishing build of no more than 2 GB uncompressed
- [ ] Run in Fullscreen and Borderless Fullscreen on most modern resolutions without error

**Production Requirements:**

- [ ] Built exclusively using content created this semester, for this project, by members of the team (Exception for audio)
- [ ] All members must contribute to content represented in the final game
- [ ] All members must be responsible for implementing a portion of their work in engine not to fall below 25% of their generated content

**Gameplay Requirements:**

- [ ] Have a critical path between 15-30 minutes
- [ ] Run at an average of 45 fps on the lab computers
- [ ] Include an effective representation of the [Theme](https://webcourses.ucf.edu/courses/1460516/pages/the-theme "The Theme")
- [ ] Contain reasonably positioned checkpoints (where appropriate)
- [ ] Demonstrate at least two skill-based mechanics

- [ ] Skill based mechanics are ones that require timing and precision to be effectively used
- [ ] Speak with the faculty to make sure the intended mechanics qualify for this requirement

- [ ] Contain a UI that allows for the following

- [ ] Main Menu that has

- [ ] Continue option available to load saved progress, only available if save exists
- [ ] Play/Begin/Start option to launch the game and reinitialize a save
- [ ] Quit option to quit the application with confirmation
- [ ] Credits option to show contributors
- [ ] Settings option to allow changes to the game's performance that saves settings separately from gameplay progress

- [ ] Resolution and display format (at least full and borderless full at least in 1080 and 2k resolutions)
- [ ] Gamma/Brightness slider, at least two steps up and two steps down from the neutral state (five states at minimum)
- [ ] Audio slider for Master, SFX, and BGM with at least two steps up and two steps down from the neutral state (five states per slider at a minimum)

- [ ] Pause menu from within the game space that allows for access to all (most) Settings options, controls, and Quit (to menu, not the entire application) with confirmation
- [ ] Splash screen of the team logo prior to loading the main menu
- [ ] An active loading screen or cutscene at each appropriate point in the game (not necessarily Async)
- [ ] Appropriate content to convey all necessary gameplay and narrative elements during the game

- [ ] Contain at least 10 points of fully implemented accessibility features from [THIS](http://gameaccessibilityguidelines.com/full-list/)

- [ ] [Links to an external site.](http://gameaccessibilityguidelines.com/full-list/) list. 1 point for items from Basic, 2 points for items from Intermediate, and 3 points for items from Advanced. The extent of the implementation must be approved by the faculty. Three points must be accounted for in VS, and final implementation isn't due until RTM in semester two.
- [ ] Contain at least one distinct gameplay space per level designer. Distinguished either by aesthetic or loading. Validate this with faculty.
- [ ] Plan to utilize content that would justify the full working time of all team members involved, less 10%.
